# Develop an application for registering phone notes.

 
The application should contain the following functionalities:
• An overview (listing) of your own notes only sorted by date/time (descending order)
* in the notes controller, index action
@notes = Note.all.order("created_at DESC")

• Editing of only your personal notes (add / modify / delete)
* create, update, destroy

-------

• Downloading PDF of the overview of the personal phone notes
* download PDF button on home page 
* Finished
• Option to send the PDF as an attachment to a predefined (hardcoded) email address
* actionmailer - send pdf to user.email
* FINISHED! 

----- 

• Responsive page/listing (desktop – mobile)
* bootstrap/simple form/
* Needs lots of styling
* Finished 
• Use a javascript date picker
* To Do: Have to integrate the new "time" column in the database
* jquery ui plugin - railscasts 213 
* Finished 
• If you have spare time: Implement infinity scroll

---- 

Furthermore, it requires some restrictions:
• Add authentication to the whole application — presume it contains sensitive privacy data.
* root to users#signup
* need something like if user_not_signed_in, redirect_to sign_up
• Add user self-registration via a web form. Instead of sending a confirmation email, just log the confirmation link. It’s not necessary to provide a user management interface.
* Finished 
• Add password reset (“forgotten password”) functionality. Here it’s also ok to just log the confirmation link in any place.

 
We suggest:
- Use a technology of your choice
- Use MySQL or SQLite database (if you know them)
- You can use any framework
- Add at least 5 persons (examples) to the phone notes